== About FORTH ==
The FORTH language was devised by Charles Moore in the early 1970s for use in embedded applications such as
the real-time control of radio telescopes.

FORTH is generally considered a Threaded Interpretive Language, meaning that a FORTH program consists of a
thread of execution comprising references to words in the dictionary intermingled with values to be stored
on the data stack.

It is a simple language with an iterative development style which favours rapid interactive development
through specification and composition of words. These words differ from functions or procedures in other
programming languages by not accepting explicit parameters, instead data is passed implicitly using a
data stack and the convention of the language is to place values on this stack in LIFO fashion, favouring
a Reverse Polish mathematical style.

A FORTH runtime can operate in two distinct modes: interactive and turn-key.

An interactive Read-Evaluate-Print loop similar to those found in classic Lisp implementations allows for
iterative development with compilation of individual words storing the resulting executable code in a token
indexed dictionary. Words can then be interactively tested and their definitions modified until correct.

Depending on the richness of the dictionary supplied with the implementation there may also be advanced
code editors and other development tools to aid with this process.

To create a turnkey executable the dictionary can be stripped of unreferenced tokens and then compiled
to a platform-specific binary executable for distribution which contains only the program.

== About GoFORTH ==
GoFORTH is a primitive FORTH implementation in Google Go inspired by a FORTH implementation in QuickBasic
which was itself derived from a FORTH implementation in Locomotive BASIC for the AMSTRAD CPC series of
home microcomputers. The latter implementation was published in the magazine Computing With The Amstrad
in 1995 and authored by [INSERT AUTHORSHIP HERE].

Initially the vocabulary is being modelled after Fig-Forth and Forth-79/83 with the possibility of moving
to an ANS-compatible vocabulary as the project matures.

== Installation ==
GoFORTH does not yet compile. If you wish to download the source code, type the following into your shell:

	git clone http://github.com/feyeleanor/GoFORTH/GoFORTH.git